The indoor sensor has 3 parts

The ESP attached to the breadboard with a list of pinouts (Mainboard)
The CO2 sensor (Purple Board with pins)
The humidity sensor (rectangular block with circle cutout)

The cables coming out of the two sensors will be attached to the ESP mainboard. Note the labels on the mainboard and the CO2 sensor. 
In this quick guide, we will not go over why we put each in which port only the instructions.
If you want to dive deep into the why please look at the schematic there is a detailed diagram of what each port does.

Cable type:
The CO2 sensor has labeled pins that will require female-to-male jumpers. The color of the cables does not matter please refer to the label to tell you what goes where.
If you can use red for the VDD and brown for ground, the two remaining ports are for signal and can be whichever you have handy. 
The humidity sensor has a connector that only goes one way. The colors do matter as they are standardized for every humidity sensor. 
For the remainder of the instructions, the pins of the CO2 sensor will be referred to as the name and the humidity sensor will be color.

Due to the varying size of the pins, it is difficult to get a secure connection. To remedy this we applied solder to cable to increase the size. 
(Unsure if the solder is needed to complete the circuit will experiment with it last)

Where each cable goes:

CO2:
VDD to 3V
GND to left side Ground

Humidity:
Red is not used can snip
White to 5V
Black to GND

Combined Wires for clarity:
Some wires have been fused together and plugged into one port. Worry not it will still work as intended this was just made to make it easier to plug in and out. 
Blue and Black fused into Right side GND
SDA and Green to P21
SCL and Yellow to P22

This marks the completion of the Indoor Sensor. The following part will be for the software aspect and getting the device online.

If you are on location the easiest thing to do will be plugging the now completed Air Quality Sensor into the Linux computer and uploading the program from there. 
All the set up is already done for you. After uploading the code connect to the 'Autoconnect' wifi. 
After setting up the autoconnect you will be able to join the connection written into the code this is just for the initial setup.
Go into the wifi settings to get the ip address. Go to the page and replace the last digit with 1. Put the ip address into the browser and from there be able to view the telemetry.

If you want to upload the code from a personal computer you will have to download Arduino IDE and the libraries noted at the top of the code. Select the ESP32 dev board at the top of the screen
Some issues might arise like some libraries not showing up in the built-in arduino library manager please download from GitHub and upload zip. Drivers will be needed for sensors 
are listed in the github.

There are two known issues we have seen occur. There was one where zero usb ports would show up on the computer. We found the root cause of the issue to be from the USB driver on the computer
after being updated and switching the drivers for the sensor. There are two versions of the Windows driver and switching drivers sometimes helps.
The second issue was a compliation issue. Where the error message will say "did you mean .ret" instead of what you have now. Find the associated files and change the lines and should clear up the issue.

Now these devices are full fledged air quality sensors.
